CMPUT 297, Winter 2013
Alexander Wong, Michelle Naylor
https://github.com/awwong1/c297proj

Title:

Mouse Maze Simulation

Description:

Our project will use the arduino to simulate a mouse in a maze. 
The mouse will be automated with our pathfinding algorithms, 
however the user will have the ability to add and remove walls.
We will be using the standard LCD screen, buttons, and joystick 
to control our demonstration. 

There will be two options; one option creates a blank template
which allows the user to build and remove walls while the other
option generates a valid maze for the mouse to move around in.
There will be an option to remove and build walls. After the 
mouse sucessfully reaches the cheese, the cheese will respawn 
within the map at another location. 

If there is no longer an available path from the mouse to the
cheese, the cheese will attempt to teleport to a new location
with an available path. However, if all paths are invalid 
(ie, mouse is surrounded by walls), an led light will notify 
users that no paths exist. Users will be able to reset the maze
back to a blank slate, randomly generate a new valid maze, or
add/remove walls to create a valid path again.

This project takes upon our class notes of object oriented code,
path finding, and queues. 

Milestones:

* Create the super class entity which contains the mouse,
cheese and walls. Implement displaying the objects on the grid.

* Implement pathfinding from the mouse to the cheese. Show the
mouse moving from it's location to the cheese, respawning of 
the cheese in a new location after the path is completed.

* Implement user inputted walls (Path obstacles) by the joystick.
Users may create impossible mazes.

* Implement valid maze creation (Valid as in maze has no 'dead'
areas that cannot be reached).

* Implement map/maze reset, LED light for no path exists

Delivery and Demonstration:

The finished product will be a simulation of a highly intelligent
mouse running around an arduino LCD screen. Users will be the
maze architect which adds and removes walls. Our completed
project will be demonstrated by allowing people to test the unit.

